You swine.
You vulgar little maggot.
You worthless bag of filth.
As we say in Texas, you couldn't pour water out of a boot with instructions printed on the heel.
You are a canker, an open wound.
I would rather kiss a lawyer than be seen with you.
You took your last vacation in the Islets of Langerhans.
You're a putrescent mass, a walking vomit.
You are a spineless little worm deserving nothing but the profoundest contempt.
You are a jerk, a cad, and a weasel. I take that back; you are a festering pustule on a weasel's rump.
Your life is a monument to stupidity.
You are a stench, a revulsion, a big suck on a sour lemon.
I will never get over the embarrassment of belonging to the same species as you.
You are a monster, an ogre, a malformity.
I barf at the very thought of you.
You have all the appeal of a paper cut.
Lepers avoid you.
You are vile, worthless, less than nothing.
You are a weed, a fungus, the dregs of this earth.
You are a technicolor yawn. And did I mention that you smell?
You are a squeaking rat, a mistake of nature and a heavy-metal bagpipe player.
You were not born, you were hatched into an unwilling world that rejects the likes of you. You didn't crawl out of a normal egg, either, but rather a mutant maggot egg rejected by an evil scientist as being below his low standards.
Your alleged parents abandoned you at birth and then died of shame in recognition of what they had done to an unsuspecting world. They were a bit late.
Try to edit your responses of unnecessary material before attempting to impress us with your insight. The evidence that you are a nincompoop will still be available to readers, but they will be able to access it ever so much more rapidly.
If cluelessness were crude oil, your scalp would be crawling with caribou.
You are a thick-headed trog.
I have seen skeet with more sense than you have.
You are a few bricks short of a full load, a few cards short of a full deck, a few bytes short of a full core dump, and a few chromosomes short of a full human.
God created houseflies, cockroaches, maggots, mosquitos, fleas, ticks, slugs, leeches, and intestinal parasites, then he lowered his standards and made you. I take it back; God didn't make you. You are Satan's spawn. You are Evil beyond comprehension, half-living in the slough of despair.
You are the entropy which will claim us all.
You are a green-nostriled, crossed eyed, hairy-livered, goisher kopf, inbred trout-defiler.
You make Ebola look good.
You are weary, stale, flat and unprofitable.
You are grimy, squalid, nasty and profane.
You are foul and disgusting.
You're a fool, an ignoramus.
Monkeys look down on you.
Even sheep won't have sex with you.
You are unreservedly pathetic, starved for attention, and lost in a land that reality forgot.
You are not ANSI compliant and your markup doesn't validate.
You have a couple of address lines shorted together.
You should be promoted to Engineering Manager.
Do you really expect your delusional and incoherent ramblings to be read? Everyone plonked you long ago.
Do you fantasize that your tantrums and conniption fits could possibly be worth the $0.000000001 worth of electricity used to send them?
Your life is one big W.O.M.B.A.T., and your future doesn't look promising either.
We need to trace your bloodline and terminate all siblings and cousins in order to cleanse humanity of your polluted genes.
The good news is that no normal human would ever mate with you.
You are a waste of flesh.
You have no rhythm.
You are ridiculous and obnoxious.
You are the moral equivalent of a leech.
You are a living emptiness, a meaningless void.
You are sour and senile.
You are a loathsome disease, a drooling inbred cross-eyed toesucker.
You make Quakers shout and strike Pentecostals silent.
You have a version 1.0 mind in a version 6.13 world.
Your mother had to tie a pork chop around your neck just to get your dog to play with you.
You think that www.GuyMacon.com/flame.html is the name of a rock band.
You believe that P.D.Q. Bach is the greatest composer who ever lived.
You prefer L. Ron Hubbard to Larry Niven and Jerry Pournelle.
Hee-Haw is too deep for you.
You would watch test patterns all day if the other inmates would let you.
On a good day you're a half-wit.
You remind me of drool.
You are deficient in all that lends character.
You have the personality of wallpaper.
You are dank and filthy.
You are asinine and benighted.
Spammers look down on you.
Phone sex operators hang up on you.
Telemarketers refuse to be seen in public with you.
You are the source of all unpleasantness.
You spread misery and sorrow wherever you go.
May you choke on your own foolish opinions.
You are a Pusillanimous galactophage and you wear your sister's training bra.
Don't bother opening the door when you leave - you should be able to slime your way out underneath.
I hope that when you get home your mother runs out from under the porch and bites you.
You smarmy lagerlout git.
You bloody woofter sod.
Bugger off, pillock.
You grotty wanking oik artless base-court apple-john.
You clouted boggish foot-licking half-twit.
You dankish clack-dish plonker.
You gormless crook-pated tosser.
You bloody churlish boil-brained clotpole ponce.
You craven dewberry pisshead cockup pratting naff.
You cockered bum-bailey poofter.
You gob-kissing gleeking flap-mouthed coxcomb.
You dread-bolted fobbing beef-witted clapper-clawed flirt-gill.
You jetere steatopygous pilgarlick hircine whigmaleerious rhadamanthine lintlicker.
I refer you to the reply given in the case of Arkell v. Pressdram.
You are so clueless that if you dressed in a clue skin, doused yourself in clue musk, and did the clue dance in the middle of a field of horny clues at the height of clue mating season, you still would not have a clue.
If you were a movie you would be a double feature; _Battlefield_Earth_ and _Moron_Movies_II_.
Your life is out of focus.
You are a fiend and a sniveling coward, and you have bad breath.
You are the unholy spawn of a bandy-legged hobo and a syphilitic camel.
You wear strangely mismatched clothing with oddly placed stains.
You are degenerate, noxious and depraved.
I feel debased just knowing that you exist.
I despise everything about you, and I wish you would go away.
You are jetsam who dreams of becoming flotsam.
You won't make it.
I beg for sweet death to come and remove me from a world which became unbearable when the bioterrorists designed you.
It is hard to believe how incredibly stupid you are.
You're as stupid as a stone that the other stones make fun of.
You're so stupid that you have traveled far beyond stupid as we know it and into a new dimension of stupid.
You're Meta-stupid.
You're stupid cubed.
You're trans-stupid stupid.
Stupid collapsed to a singularity where even the stupons have collapsed into stuponium because of you.
You possess stupidity so dense that no intelligence can escape.
You emit more stupid in one minute than our entire galaxy emits in a year.
It cannot be possible that anything in our universe can really be this stupid.
You are a primordial fragment from the original big stupid bang.
You are a pure extract of stupid with absolute stupid purity.
You are stupid beyond the laws of nature.
I don't think that I can summon the strength left to mock your moronic opinions and malformed comments about boring trivia or your other drivel.
The only thing worse than your logic is your manners.
I have snipped away most of your of what you wrote, because, well ... it didn't really say anything.
Your attempt at constructing a creative flame was pitiful.
I mean, really, stringing together a bunch of insults among a load of babbling was hardly effective... Maybe later in life, after you have learned to read, write, spell, and count, you will have more success.
I sometimes forget that there are "challenged" persons in this world who find find reading and writing to be difficult.
I wish you the best of luck in the emotional, and social struggles that seem to be placing such a demand on you.
Your mother did the best she could.
Your mother is a very smart woman.
Your mom goes to college.
You're beautiful as far as your mother is concerned.
Don't be rude pickle dick.
Don't touch me you muffin' ass bastard!
Be nice pimple nipps!
I think I just came.
I tend to fart when I get excited you silly freak.
Gay graphic novels are your chocolate ice cream when you're feeling blue.
